add 'Working with ... code' docs from server/README (#11121)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/core/code-front-end.rst

==============
Front-end code
==============

Building Vue components and scripts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We are moving more and more toward using Vue.js in the front-end, starting with Settings. For building the code on changes, use these terminal commands in the root folder:

.. code-block:: console

>     # install dependencies
>     make dev-setup
> 
>     # build for development
>     make build-js
> 
>     # build for development and watch edits
>     make watch-js
> 
>     # build for production with minification
>     make build-js-production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # install dependencies
    npm install

    # build for development
    npm run dev

    # build for development and watch edits
    npm run watch

    # build for production with minification
    npm run build
```
